config install --list --remove (#1757)
conan-io/docs: reference/commands/consumer/config.rst

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ conan config install /path/to/some/config.zip

> - List all previously installed origins (the ones that will executed if :command:`conan config install` is called without args):

Reviewer: did you mean this?
```suggestion
- List all previously installed origins (the ones that will be used if :command:`conan config install` is called without args):
```

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ conan config install --list

This will display the list of stored origins, with their index inside the list.

- Remove one of the previously installed origins:

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ conan config install --remove=1

> This will remove the element with index=1 (second element in the list) of the existing origins. Future :command:`conan config install`
> or scheduled updates will not be using this origin anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will remove the element with index=1 (second element in the list) of the existing origins. This means that the next
:command:`conan config install` manual or scheduled calls to this command will not use this origin anymore.
```
